all the numbers are tentative and subject to change
skills:

air:
air shield: Distort the air around the character and decrease the damage he/she takes. (upgrades: has 20% chance to totally dodge an attack)

wind step: Use the power of air to enhance the character’s movement. The character moves 30% faster and will not be blocked by other characters. (upgrade: moving through other characters does damage to them)

air thrust: knock back enemies in front of the character, dealing moderate damage. (upgrade: also slows the enemy knocked back, and increase damage)

vacuum: squeeze enemies in front of the character together, deal damage in the area. (upgrade: root the enemies squeezed)

tornado: lifting enemies in front of the character, they cannot attack or be attacked in the duration. (upgrade: enemies receive damage when the fall to the ground)


fire:
ring of flame:  A ring of fire expands from the character, dealing fire damage. (upgrade: set character damaged by ring of fire on fire, dealing dot damage)

overheat: passive ability, each time the character cast an ability, increase his/her fire damage by 10%, can stack up to 10 stacks. (upgrade: also increase the player’s movement speed and shortens attack intervals)

meteor: A meteor falls to the point 128 pixels in front of the character, dealing damage to all enemies in 128 pixels. (upgrade: stunning them as well)

fire blast: bursts out a huge wave of heat energy from the character, moving along the direction he/she is facing when casted, dealing enormous damage to every enemy on the way. The damage attenuates each time the spell hits and enemy. (upgrade: decrease the attenuation)

scorch wounds: removes all the debuffs, and heal for a small amount (upgrade: gets 3 stacks of overheat)


earth:
rock armor: conjure a shield absorbing 500 damage. (upgrade: damage received during the shield activation is reduced)

wall of obstruction: call upon a wall in front of the player, obstructing enemies. enemies can attack the wall to break it. (upgrade: the wall becomes immune to attack)

well of gravity: stuns enemies in the area and deal damage each second. (upgrade: the damage increases gradually)

earthquake: shatter the earth in front of the character, slowing enemies in the area and deal damage each second. (upgrade: enemies damaged by the ability get shattered, receive more damage, can stack up to 5 stacks)

King of mountains: after activation, the character’s basic attack increases and has a chance to stun enemies, but the movement speed is decreased (upgrade: remove speed decrease, and decrease damage recieved)

water:
blizzard: conjure a blizzard in front of the character, dealing damage to all enemies in the area every second, last 5 seconds. (upgrade: any enemies staying in the area for 2 seconds get frozen)

healing bubble: generate a healing bubble to surround the character, provides a shield of 300 hp and heal the character gradually, lasts 10 seconds or expire after the shield point is below 0. (upgrade: after the bubble explodes, deal area damage to all enemies 128 pixels around the character)

chilling touch: after activation, basic attack deal more water damage and slows the enemy. (upgrade: deal 3x damage to frozen enemies)

frost nova: blasts enemies within 128 pixels of you, freezing them, dealing moderate amount of damage. (upgrade: increase the damage)

soaked: when activated, the character moves faster and gets immune to all effects (stun, knock back, etc.) and fire damage. (upgrade: deal more water damage)
